a king there's no friends only followers
and fault in their chapter of my life
has begun this Prince I spent my days
drinking clowning
now I find myself the king choose your
steps wise dear brother they have their
own kingdoms behind their eyes I need
men around me I can trust you all my
friend I will come with you
now you'll be washed over vinyls here
the different King
France is taunting us they were my
father's enemies not mine the screams of
young men
so led me to sleep at night
you will not topple this king henry v of
england you so underestimate are you
ready fool it awaits us
or is bloody Pensacola's this is hope
this is form
do you feel a sense of achievement
surrender to me
King of England are you scared already I
can feel the weight of this crown I wear
you